Oh fandom crazy twilight hype thing it's
all very fleeting I think it's all done
sort of tone down but it's really put me
in a place that some makes it easier to
have fun with the job I mean you don't
to fight to do things that you care
about yeah Kristen you're gonna be
playing Joan Jett when she was 15 yeah I
mean to be able to play a part like that
she's entirely iconic in a way that is
like just cool and badass and meaningful
and like she's just cool she's just
really someone to look up to I like that
it's I mean it's definitely like a teen
movie takes place over summer at a
amusement park um but it's not what
you'd expect from one of those types of
movies a group of fairly you know
anti-social kids who don't have a whole
lot of fun actually have fun and come
alive a little bit for a summer and then
it's all very devastating at the end
they all go crashing down like most
teenagers do it actually has like real
people that were trying to portray and
not just sort of like ideas of like what
kids are yeah I play music but only for
myself for my hairs all
like obsessed with them classics and I
like the stones it's a Galway listen to
I'm kind of obsessed with sneakers I go
Annie Mae all the time to find them old
sneakers from like the 90s that I saw my
older brothers wearing is it weird
seeing your face on billboards
everywhere around that way yeah it is
pretty weird but in in the world of my
job it's made made it a lot easier to do
things that I really care about I'm
doing the cover of nylon which is really
cool these are cool I'm wearing them
it's actually kind of joan jett got the
shoulder pads it's a little bit more I
mean it's a little girly it's it's kind
of sexy good it's got a